README.md, before:

# trackerGPS

## Summary
Create an application consisting of a Go server and a Vue user interface which includes data retrieval, storage, and presentation.

# Design
## Frontend
- Made dashboard showing the device map publicly available for the purposes of making this as accessible as possible for the interview process, however, in a production environment, I would protect this route behind a login.
## Backend
### One Step GPS API
- Didn't use [One Step GPS Webhooks](https://track.onestepgps.com/v3/apidoc-webhooks/) because there didn't seem to be enough information to implement it.
## Infrastructure
- 
## Installation

## Helpful Resources
- [Creating a Vue.js 3 App with Vite.js and Vue Router](https://ochner.com.br/posts/creating-a-vuejs3-app-with-vitejs-and-vue-router)
- [Flowbite - Tailwind CSS component library](https://flowbite.com/docs/getting-started/introduction/)
- [Google Maps Javascript API Docs](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript)
- [Postman](https://www.postman.com/) for testing the backend APIs

## Preliminary Stuff
- [ ] Research the OneStepGPS API and determine what data is available and how to access it.
- [ ] Implement authentication (basic)
- [ ] Make two Google Maps API keys (one for development and one for production)
- [ ] 404 Missing pages should have links to all of the actual pages (home, dashboard, about, etc)

## The Go backend should do the following:
- [ ] Request information from https://track.onestepgps.com/v3/api/public/device?latest_point=true&api-key=[APIKEY]
- [ ] Provide some storage mechanism for user preferences or any other relevant data (exact storage mechanism is up to you)
- [ ] Provide endpoints for anything else you need in the UI

## The Vue UI should do the following:
- [ ] List information regarding the devices returned from the API. Useful information would be the name, the current position, and its active state or drive status.
- [ ] Allow the user to edit preferences and save those preferences to the server. These preferences can be anything you want, some recommendations are: sort order, hiding specific devices from view, user-uploaded icons for each device.
- [ ] Show the current location of the devices on a map (Google Maps is a good choice) and update the map in real time as the API returns new data.

Commit message:

feat: Handlers for user pref

README.md, after:

# TwoStepGPS

## Summary
A comprehensive GPS tracking dashboard that provides real-time visualiztion of GPS devices on a map.

## Features
- Dashboard for viewing GPS devices on a map
- Short polling to get the latest device locations
- Hide/show devices on the map
- Nickname devices
- Change the device color on the map
- Authentication (to save the above preferences)

## Architecture

### Frontend

The frontend is a Vue3 + Vite application. It's a Single Page Application (SPA) that utilizes the Google Maps API for the dashboard view. It allows signed in users to customize several properties about the dashboard.

### Backend

The backend is built with Go and uses PostgresDB for data storage. It handles JWT authentication, integrates with the OneStepGPS API, and interfaces with the Postgres database.

### Infrastructure

The frontend is hosted as a Vue/Vite app on Vercel, while the backend Go server is on a serverless fly.io VM which mounts the Postgres volume on startup. This is analogous to AWS Lambda paired with RDS.

## Design Decisions
- Made dashboard showing the device map publicly available for the purposes of making this as accessible as possible for the interview process, however, in a real production environment, I would protect this route behind a login.
- Didn't use [One Step GPS Webhooks](https://track.onestepgps.com/v3/apidoc-webhooks/) because there didn't seem to be enough information to implement it, however I would use this in a production environment to avoid short polling.
- The responsiveness is not perfect, as the mobile view is not optimized.

## Helpful Resources
- [Creating a Vue.js 3 App with Vite.js and Vue Router](https://ochner.com.br/posts/creating-a-vuejs3-app-with-vitejs-and-vue-router)
- [Flowbite - Tailwind CSS component library](https://flowbite.com/docs/getting-started/introduction/)
- [Google Maps Javascript API Docs](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript)
- [Postman](https://www.postman.com/) for testing the backend APIs
